♪ Every case in the forest ♪
♪ Is challenging and difficult ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ Will find the answer ♪
♪ We're the best case solvers ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ We are the best partners ♪
LITTLE DETECTIVES
TOBY & TERI
I'm so excited
for this year's Downhill Dash.
Me, too! It's amazing to think
all the animals in Acorn Springs
are making sleds right now.
Yeah! And soon it'll be time to race!
I wanna win, so I'm
painting feathers on my sled.
You know, 'cause it's my sled,
and feathers are fast!
Well, I'm painting a mural
on mine, which you can admire
as I pass you to win
the race. [laughs]
Oh, yeah.
Well, I put a brake on my sled,
well, you know,
'cause fast is fun,
but not too fast is really fun.
Wait. Where is Bean?
Isn't he gonna race this year?
[Bean] Hey, guys. I'm here!
I've been designing
the fastest sled ever.
Wanna see
what I've come up with?
I know it's my first sled,
but I really want to win.
[whooshing]
-'Scuse me!
-Whaah!
[head rattles]
Hey!
Watch where you're going.
I'm sorry about that.
I only have one speed, fast.
Actually, that's not true.
I also have super fast.
You'll see that today
in the Downhill Dash.
Oh, where are my manners?
I'm Ollie.
-Hi, Ollie!
-Hello!
Nice to meet you, Ollie.
I'm Teri.
It's always nice to meet a fan.
Of course I'll take a picture
with you, Teri.
Well-- [laughs] Actually--
Say, "Ollie's the best."
[camera clicks]
So, Ollie, are you racing
in the Downhill Dash today?
Of course! But for the record,
I don't race. I win.
I always win. I just can't help it.
Well, you may be
in for a surprise,
'cause I'm gonna build
the fastest sled ever!
Oh! I'll wait. Go ahead, and
finish this fastest sled ever,
and we'll go
for a practice run.
Run, nothing. We'll race!
Okay, everybody ready?
What a cute little sled.
Introducing the Squirrel Rocket
Lightning Zoom Bolt
and ten more fast words sled.
Okay. Let's see what you got.
Ready. Set. Go!
-[grunting]
-Wow! Look at you go! Zoom!
You're going so fast, you don't
even look like you're moving!
[yells]
[all gasp]
[head rattles]
[groans]
Good thing
I got down here so fast.
Otherwise, I would've missed
all those cool somersaults
you did the whole way down.
Listen, I think I see
some of my fans over there,
so I've gotta go.
I'll catch you guys later.
Hey, everyone! Ollie's here!
I'm gonna make a faster sled
for the Downhill Dash,
and I'll beat you! You'll see!
Are you okay?
Yes.
I know I can beat him.
I think you're gonna need
something faster.
Yeah, you'll need a Super Sled!
We'll all help.
We'll pool our resources,
put our heads together.
So anyone know
what makes a Super Sled super?
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
We told Bean we'd help
him build a Super Sled
that's fast enough to beat
Ollie in the Downhill Dash.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this!
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
So how are we
gonna make me a Super Sled?
Look here at Rumy's.
It has long, straight blades
to slide on.
You're right!
The runners help the sled move.
I totally want some of these,
but thinner like my ice skates.
I go super fast
when I'm ice-skating.
Good thinking!
Let's get to work.
Wow, a new sled.
That was quick.
We all worked together
to build it.
Oh! Your friends helped you?
That's nice.
I never need help with anything,
because I'm
just awesome on my own.
Wanna do another practice run?
Oh, okay, but this is
just going slow for fun.
I'm not really
gonna race right now.
[Bean laughs]
Tricked you!
Of course I wanna race,
and I'm gonna win! Later!
[laughs] Oh, you are
so in trouble now!
[yells]
-Wow, you really flew that time.
-[head rattles]
Too bad you left
your sled behind.
Well, it's almost time
for the Downhill Dash,
so I'd better get home.
Trophy cases don't build
themselves, you know.
[Teri] Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
So? What went wrong?
I think these runners
may be too thin.
When I push the sled,
they just stick in the snow.
But Bean goes really fast
on his ice skates,
and those blades
look the same as these.
On ice,
the thin blades work well,
but not in the soft snow.
Look at Ollie.
He's so great at sledding,
he doesn't even need a sled.
River otters
are the perfect sleds.
They have long, flat bodies
and thick, oily fur
that's really, really smooth.
So let's use those same clues
to design Bean a Snow Rocket.
I like that name!
Then let's get busy.
[music playing]
Whoa. That looks fast.
I call it the Snow Rocket
Friendship Zoom,
'cause it's fast,
and my friends
helped me build it.
You guys did all this for Bean?
Of course.
That's what friends do.
Yeah! Millie designed it, and
Toby measured everything out,
and then we all
built it together!
Oh, and I painted
this part right here.
Yeah! Helping Bean
makes us happy!
Racers, on your marks.
And even though we're
all going to race,
we'll be cheering for you
the whole way, Bean.
Thanks, guys!
Are you okay?
Yeah. I was so proud
of how I didn't need any help.
But now I've got
no one to cheer for me.
I'll cheer for you, Ollie.
I'll still beat you, but I'll
cheer you all the way down.
You're on.
On your marks. Get set.
Go!
[shudders]
[shrieks]
Go, Ollie! Yay!
Here I come!
Oh, no!
Oh, no. No! No!
-[sighs]
-[Ollie] Hey, there.
Need a hand?
Really? Thanks!
[both grunting]
All right, you're all set.
Thanks for your help!
Now let's get moving!
Okay!
Uh, okay. Okay.
[shudders]
That's fast enough.
Huh-yah!
[panting]
And the winner
of the Downhill Dash is Rumy!
Me? I won?
You did! You won!
I won! I won a trophy!
It's just
such a wonderful world!
Great job, Rumy!
Here comes Ollie and Bean.
Bean, Ollie, look! I won!
That's great, Rumy!
Did you see us?
I got stuck, but
Ollie stopped to help me.
That was really nice of you.
And you're not upset
you didn't win?
[sighs] You know what?
Stopping to help Bean
felt even better than winning.
Besides, I'll win next time.
[laughs] Unless I do!
Come on!
Let's not wait 'til next year.
Let's go again!
-Yeah!
-Yeah, let's do it!
But first, smile
and say, "Super Sled"!
-Super Sled!
We figured out how to make Bean
a Super Sled
that went super fast.
And Ollie learned
that having friends
is more important than winning.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
"The Case of the Super Sled"
is officially closed!
Aha! I see you!
Uh, I see you, too, Rumy.
Oh, uh, sorry, Millie.
I'm actually talking to Bean.
Oh, Bean's not--
-Yes, I am!
-[yelps]
[laughs] Sorry. I was hiding.
We're practicing for the big
hide-and-seek championship.
Oh, that's right.
I almost forgot.
[laughs]
How could you forget?
We do it every year.
And it's so much fun!
Now I just need to find Jay.
[Jay laughing]
Do clouds usually have feet?
Gotcha! It's me!
Pretty good, right?
[laughs] I'll say!
You're really good at this.
I had to up my game to try to
beat Erwin the Ermine this year.
Uh, I don't know.
Erwin's the best
hide-and-seeker around.
He's won the championship
every fall!
[sighs] He's amazing,
with his lustrous, brown fur
that just blends in
with everything.
Look. You can barely see him.
Oh, he is good.
Lots of things in Acorn Springs
are brown like Erwin,
so he can hide anywhere.
[laughs]
I can't wait 'til he gets here!
Hey, guys!
Uh, E-Erwin? Is that you?
Of course.
Who else would it be?
I can't wait to play
hide-and-seek with you all.
Check out some of my new moves
for this year. I call this...
"blend into the bark."
And don't forget this one...
"rocking the rock."
When it comes to hiding,
I'm down with anything brown.
[laughs] Erwin,
I don't know how to say this.
Uh, you know
your fur is white, right?
I guess it's been getting
a little lighter,
but not so much you'd notice.
[laughs] Actually, we do
kinda notice just a little.
Okay, a lot.
Actually you're so white,
you don't blend in
with anything.
Except a mountain
of marshmallows. Ooh!
You'd be great at hiding in a
mountain of marshmallows.
Or a pile of powdered sugar!
Or really awesome
pretend clouds!
Wait. Uh, I don't blend in
with anything?
What happened?
Why did my fur turn white?
I don't know,
but I know who can find out.
Toby and Teri. Come on.
I've never seen
anything like it.
You guys just gotta help Erwin.
He's the hide-and-seek champion.
He's gotta play!
I don't know
if I can play like this.
What am I gonna do?
I can't blend into anything.
We'll figure this out.
I promise.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
Now that Erwin's fur is white,
he doesn't blend in
with anything.
Which means he can't play in the
hide-and-seek championship this year.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this!
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
[Teri] Don't worry, Erwin.
There's a reason
your fur is white.
And we're going
to figure out what it is.
Erwin, I'm gonna need
to ask you some questions.
Have you eaten
anything white lately?
[Jay] Like marshmallows?
No. I don't eat sweets.
What about milk?
I always drink milk.
It's good for you.
But we drink milk, too,
and our fur isn't white.
Did you maybe
roll in something white?
Powdered sugar! Did you roll
in a big bowl of powdered sugar?
No, I haven't done
anything different.
What am I going to do?
Don't worry, Erwin.
If we follow the facts,
we'll crack this case.
We're going to look for clues.
There has to be other things
that have changed
in Acorn Springs.
You guys practice for
the hide-and-seek championship.
And we'll be back.
While Toby and Teri
are cracking this case,
we're gonna teach you
new ways to hide.
-Really?
-Yup!
Millie's Academy
of the Hide-and-Seek Sciences
is now open.
Now lesson one, scrunching.
Rumy, if you don't mind?
As you'll notice,
the subject scrunches
and is suddenly
very hard to find.
Whoa, good one.
So why did Erwin's fur
turn white?
I wonder if anything else
is changing color, too.
Hmm. The leaves!
They're green
in the spring and summer,
but they turn red and yellow
every fall
right before
they fall off the trees.
Fall came. Leaves change,
falling off tree. Got it!
Let's see what else has changed.
Okay, let's try one more time.
Ready, set, scrunch!
The trick to good scrunching
is to tuck everything in.
Got it! How's this?
I can see your head.
And your butt. Move your feet!
Whoops!
Whoa! Ohh! Aah!
Are you okay?
That looks splooshy.
I'm fine.
I just fell in the mud.
Hey, if Erwin
was covered with mud,
he'd be all brown again.
And if I was brown,
I could play hide-and-seek.
Erwin! [gasps]
We gotta cover you with mud!
You should roll in it.
Yeah!
Rocco!
Hey, guys. Check it out!
I'm working on my Furry Pika
Split Jump with a spin.
Wow, that was impressive.
Thanks. It's my signature move.
Hey! The pond is frozen.
It happened last night.
Yesterday this was all water,
and now ice.
You guys on a case?
Yeah. We were looking around
to see what's changed
in Acorn Springs.
And I think a frozen pond is
exactly what we're looking for.
Really? Then I guess I helped.
Definitely.
A lot of things have changed.
All the leaves
have fallen off the trees,
and the pond is frozen.
You know what else is changing?
The seasons! It's winter now.
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
That Rocco is really graceful?
You read my mind.
[laughs]
You are graceful, Rocco,
but we're talking
about Erwin the Ermine.
We think we know
why he turned white.
We gotta go.
Great skating, Rocco.
And thanks for the help.
Anytime! See ya!
Look at me! I'm brown again.
You're good as new.
Guys! We've got some good news.
So do we. Look at Erwin.
We made him brown again.
Just in time for our
hide-and-seek championship.
Is that mud?
Yeah. Now I can hide anywhere.
Check out the old exact same
color as the ground maneuver!
[chuckles] Amazing, right?
[chuckles] Yeah,
in a sort of
I-can-see-you way.
How can you see me?
I'm brown again.
And now the mud's coming off.
I'm not gonna be able to play
in the championship after all.
It's okay.
You're supposed to be white,
just like everything
in Acorn Springs.
Because winter's here,
and now you're
the color of snow.
Wow! You're right!
Ermines like you
are one of the few animals
whose fur changes color
each winter.
We gotta get you white again.
Yeah! You've got a hide-and-seek
championship to win!
-[laughs]
-[cheering]
All right!
Look, everybody! The whole world
is the same color as Erwin!
-[laughs]
-Wow.
Erwin blends into everything!
Look! The champ is back.
Who wants to try to find me?
I do! I do! Can I count first?
Sure!
Then I'm going to find Erwin!
And you'll be a champion, too.
Oh, yeah! You're right!
-That's right!
-Let's go!
Hey, everybody,
say, "Hide-and-seek"!
-Hide-and-seek!
[camera clicks]
We finally figured out
why Erwin's fur turned white.
And now that he
blends into the snow,
he can be hide-and-seek
champion again.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
"The Case of the Snowy Coat"
is officially closed.